Fix colorbar behaviour in subplots (#3403)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

- Regressor names can now be invalid identifiers but will raise an error with :meth:`~glm.first_level.FirstLevelModel.compute_contrast` if combined to make an invalid expression (:gh:`3374` by `Yasmin Mzayek`_).
- Fix :func:`~plotting.plot_connectome` which was raising a ``ValueError`` when ``vmax < 0`` (:gh:`3390` by `Paul Bogdan`_).

> - Fix display of colorbar in matrix plots which was overlapping in plt.subplots (:gh:`3403` by `Raphael Meudec`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix display of colorbar in matrix plots which was overlapping in :func:`~matplotlib.pyplot.subplots` (:gh:`3403` by `Raphael Meudec`_).
```

Hi @RaphaelMeudec, can this be a bit more specific or clear? Is the issue related to the function `plt.subplots` or rather how the nilearn `plot_matrix` colorbar code interacts with it?
